Hi I'm *Barry*! I'm a software engineer who loves to build things. 

My journey into software began while I was a student at Stony Brook. When I was younger Barry, I always wanted to be a nurse. In my freshman year I took a few biology classes and after taking physiology my brain decided it was done ever taking biology again. At this point I struggled with figuring out what I wanted to study/do with my life. A good amount of my friends were studying *Computer Science* and seeing the amount of stress they were going through I had thought that coding was WAY too difficult for me. Instead I decided to study philosophy. While I enjoyed learning about logical flow and things like caves, forms, and dragons; I still had no idea what I was going to do as a career. I eventually stopped taking classes and decided to look for work instead. I worked at Verizon selling phones for about a year and I eventually quit to go back and finish my 'degree' in anything because that's what I thought I needed to be a valuable member of society. While taking courses at a community college I worked at Starbucks. It was at that point where my coding friends pushed me to try and learn code online. I took a few codecademy courses and fell in love immediately. Not only was coding not the world's hardest thing to do, it was fun for me to solve small problems and build tiny programs. At that point I had decided to make the jump and invest in learning how to build real apps by going to a bootcamp. 

I started as a student at FullStack Academy in October 2018 (wooo 1810) and graduated in February 2019. I was lucky enough to accept an offer to be a teaching fellow for the incoming students at FullStack. When that cohort had finished FullStack had extended a second offer to me to fellow for the next incoming class and this time have even more responsibilities. This was an exciting time in my life because I not only got to extend my time learning at FullStack, I was able to help others begin their own journeys to becoming a developer. 

My time at FullStack has finally come to an end and now I'm looking for my first engineering job! 
